#summary Current changelog
#labels Featured
=== Recent svn commits ===
None.

=== 0.7.6.572 ===
 * New implementation of docking/tabbing functionality with !DockPanel Suite.
   * Double-click in the tab area creates a new tab.
   * Right-click in the tab area displays a context-sensitive menu.
   * Middle-click on a tab closes the currently active tab.
   * Right-click the separator for a context menu.
   * Switch tabs by Ctrl-Tab. 
   * Close active tab by Ctrl-W. 
   * Add new tab to active pane with Ctrl-T.
   * Focus the path textbox with Ctrl-E.
   * Focus the filter textbox with Ctrl-F.
   * Swap active pane with tab key.
   * Ability to swap panels.
   * Ability to change orientation.
   * Save, retrieve paths on startup/exit of application.
 * Store sort order for each column in the listviews.
 * Customize listview font.
 * Customize listview view type.
 * Plugin pane infrastructure so that each pane is a dll that can be loaded dynamically.
   * Command line pane to have access to the command line of the currently selected path.
   * Screen pane to change opacity and brightness of application. [Marc.GIRAUDOU]
   * Regex renamer pane for batch renaming of currently selected pane. [Marc.GIRAUDOU]
   * Updated preview pane to adhere to the plugin pane infrastructure.
   * Store orientation, state, height, tab text for startup/exit.
   * Load/store custom settings for plugins. [Issue: 103]
   * View menu to hide/show panes on the fly.
 * Change the versioning convention to use the svn revision number for the minor version number.
 * Add in Common source to source tree. [Issue: 99]
 * Split Infrastructure into its own assembly for easier plugin generation.
 * New status message shows more data about the selected files and the total selected size.
 * Save position of form and window state (maximize, normal, minimized). [Issue: 92]
 * Blink the path textbox if it was entered incorrectly.
 * FIX: An intermittent exception when starting the application. [Issue: 94]
 * FIX: Add newly discovered drives into the drive dropdown in the correct location.
 * FIX: When showing a parent directory and loading a path at least 2 directories deep, the parent directory now correctly goes to the parent.
 * FIX: Large file sizes will now show the correct human-readable size.

=== 0.7.0.061208 ===
 * Application-wide keyboard shortcuts (with modifiers) for tools. [Issue: 25]
 * Cut/copy/paste in path and filter textbox.
 * Minimize to the system tray. [Issue: 90 - Marc.GIRAUDOU]
 * Add more information for drives. [Issue: 89 - Marc.GIRAUDOU]
 * FIX: Starting the program with a non-fixed drive path and/or with a child resource path would break.
 * FIX: Some filesystem info couldn't be retrieved for fixed drives other than the current drive. [Issue: 93 - Marc.GIRAUDOU]
 * FIX: Show icons for files on CD-Roms.

=== 0.7.0.052008 === 
 * FIX: Compressed files did not show icons for their contents. [Issue: 88]
 * FIX: Compressed files with folders would never show their contents. [Issue: 87]
 * FIX: Compressed file Time column incorrectly showed the date. [Issue: 86 - Marc.GIRAUDOU]

=== 0.7.0.051208 ===
 * FIX: Default Time column incorrectly showed the date. [Issue: 85 - Marc.GIRAUDOU]

=== 0.7.0.051108 ===
 * KNOWN ISSUE: Some large compressed files corrupt the program.
 * Add preview panel that shows text in a file or thumbnails for images and dynamic information about the currently selected filesytem object.
 * Add about box and icon for the program.
 * Check for correct version of the settings file when starting the program for settings file compatibility.
 * Add dynamic tools menu to start a process with custom inputs.
 * Renaming file usability.
   * Select just the filename.
   * Show tooltip balloon when an incorrect character is typed for filenames.
 * Provide ability to define custom template for drive information.
 * Save previous directory index.
 * Save filtering history.
 * Complete update and overhaul of settings XML file and the code to load it.
 * FIX: Filtering was broken.
 * FIX: Progress shows correctly for long-running operations.
 * FIX: Drives that weren't ready, i.e. a floppy disk drive.

=== 0.65 - Speedy Gonzales - 3/30/2008 ===
 * Rewritten core of the file retrieval routine which created a dramatic speedup in retrieving files/directories.
   * On my "slow" testbed (700 Mhz, 256 MB RAM, 5400 RPM notebook drive)
   * From 6 to 3 seconds to display c:\windows
   * From 3 min+ to 12 seconds to display c:\windows\system32
   * From 8 to 1 second to display a network drive over wifi with ~200 folders and a few files
 * Tweaked how files/directories added to the listview to be the fastest possible.
 * More options for retrieving icons.
   * Show overlays off by default, but can be turned on by path.
   * Intensive search off by default except for fixed drives.
   * Ability to turn off all icons for even faster file retrieval.
 * Improve speed when dragging-and-dropping onto/from the listview.
 * Beginning of support to swap out views on the fly.
 * Update to panel settings.
   * Change panel orientation.
   * Toggle panel being collapsed.
   * Toggle filter shown.
 * FIX: Most common broken paths that are entered can now be determined.
 * FIX: Auto-complete of paths.
 * FIX: Adding/disconnecting a drive would have inconsistent behavior.
 * FIX: Trying to retrieve a drive before it was ready.
 * FIX: Potential for stack overflow when retrieving a size for a directory with a reparse point.
 * FIX: Path/filter textboxes would sometimes disappear into overflow.
 * FIX: Update status bar when focus changes.	

=== 0.60 - 1/31/2008 ===
 * Sorting of listview by columns.
 * Xml configuration
   * column headers, sorting, custom methods.
   * child resource retrievers and relationship to resource retrievers.
   * tabs' path information
   * extensions to retrieve icons for
   * whether or not to show icon overlays
 * Log debug information to a file.
 * Disable dropdown, path, filter, listview when switching drives.
 * Prevent the application from crashing if the retrievers or column methods are incorrectly configured.
 * Rudimentary, readonly compressed file view (only supports zip files).
 * Add view as configurable per child resource retriever.
 * FIX: Sorting by date/time now works correctly.
 * FIX: Newly created directories sorted correctly.
 * FIX: Show the "Open With" Windows dialog if no program has been associated with an extension.
 * FIX: Don't show file size for folders until it is calculated.
 * FIX: Don't show information about root/parent directories.
 * FIX: Only append a forward slash to directories in the path.

=== 0.50 ===
 * Dual view.
 * Drag and drop re-written; directories now supported.
 * Beginnings of some settings support (height and width saved).
 * Faster updates of items on file operations.
 * Save current paths on exit.
 * Ability for plug-in retrievers to update the listview.
 * Parent control updated with currently selected path.
 * Menu support for dual view.
 * Switch contents of panel1 with contents of panel2 in dual view.
 * Hide panel1/panel2.
 * Context menu for some set percentages of splitter position.
 * Tooltip for splitter percentage position.
 * Ability to cancel the file retrieval for directories.
 * Show message if a directory is inaccessible.
 * Auto-resize columns when directory sizes are calculated.
 * Execute currently selected item with the Enter key.
 * Get the drives once and store the information, so that it doesn't need to be queried everytime.
 * Newly connected drives now refresh the drive dropdown.
 * Preliminary support for plug-in views and file retrievers.
 * FIX: Prevent renaming root/parent directories.
 * FIX: Better operation of the progress disk so that the disk doesn't continue to spin when the operation is canceled.
 * FIX: Updates on right-click operations now works correctly.
 * FIX: Drag and drop inconsistencies.

=== 0.40 ===
 * Completely flicker-less listview refreshes.
 * Rename directories.
 * Better icon support.
 * Drive icons.
 * Selection of current drive displayed in dropdown menu.
 * Selection now correctly moves to the next object.
 * FIX: Drive button wouldn't correctly update the current drive.
 * FIX: Remove files/directories from selected list now correctly updates total.

=== 0.35 ===
 * Right-click context menu.
 * Preliminary support for drag-and-drop operations.
 * F2 to Rename files.
 * On-the-fly file filtering.
 * Tabbed child windows.
 * Show overlays on files/folders.
 * FIX: Less flickering listview (again).

=== 0.30 ===
 * Show progress on long-running operations.
 * Re-organization of code. Split out non-UI assemblies from the UI.
 * Automatic refresh of current directory.
 * Less flicker when updating the listview.
 * Re-implemented drive retrieval code.
 * FIX: Prevent extra filesystem retrieval when populating the drives.

=== 0.25 ===
 * Icon retrieval for files and directories.
 * Show root directory shortcut.
 * Correct implementation of root/parent directory behavior.
 * Asynchronous retrieval of drive information.
 * Resize drive information box correctly.
 * Updating the filesytem objects in the listbox should be slightly faster because of enhancements.
 * Calculate the folder size on selection.
 * FIX: Sometimes selecting a filesytem object would throw an exception.
 * FIX: Cross-thread issues when updating the listview.

=== 0.2 ===
 * Textbox for specific path retrieval.
 * Wildcard pattern filtering on files.
 * Asynchronous retrieval of files/folders.

=== 0.1 ===
 * Proof of concept MDI application.
 * Retrieves drives.
 * Retrieves files and folders.
 * Root/parent custom files.